you guys celebrate 4/20 as a holiday I
would celebrate it as not only a holiday
every day day
do you smoke weed yes I guess on Utley
on 4/20 Oh Leon 420 yeah on the awkward
is every day for 24 you guys yeah I
figured it out not only a holiday every
day day what do you want to say to the
stoners out there um good luck I think
they have a ton they want to say to you
have you ever had weed at all
your parents your Asian parents insure
they would beat you like tits and get
the fuck out
hello again just tits don't get the fuck
out just show me your tits
see you smoke weed regularly how often I
like when you uh answer questions you
stick your hand in here in your boob and
you do this move I don't know do you
smoke weed Caitlin not anymore not
anymore you gave it up just in a Gary I
partake good sometimes more than others
I guess
do you smoke weed it's part of my life
it's part of your luck um I can tell by
that reaction and the following laugh
that you are probably high already not
only a holiday every day day you want to
relax that's the first thing you do yeah
you pack a bowl in your bong now for
people that don't know what's a bowl or
what's a bong even I just get everyone
fucking knows like yeah so when was the
last time you smoked marijuana oh my
goodness she's like 1979 listen you talk
about it so fondly but it was I don't
know my math but that's almost 100 years
ago alcohol or weed I'll go why and we
doesn't
alcohol ruins our liver and is that we
were Liveris cuz you're right there I
don't even you could have went like I
ruined your liver and I I wouldn't know
I don't know where the liver tweet or
alcohol alcohol it's worse
definitely why was it worse it's coming
from a guy that does both yeah okay it's
toxic it's poison
got together smoke or drink and you can
say combo to you like to do that what do
they call that get in time get what
getting turnt n bars alcohol especially
I'm driving wearing from I'm Mexican
eyes oh really yeah well if you blend in
with the normal people quite well they
don't feel come
that's great say that why do I say that
uh oh no reason
okay um be think reader I like a nice
combo wolf you like to do a little bit
crossfader yes that's way to do and
Fanny Felix radiated feeling x-rated no
wonder somebody you guys are rappers
everything you say rhymes what
percentage of all the students that you
know new gray smoke weed and like more
than out
Wow and that's coming from an Asian so
her math is thought up these are
statistics now though she's hanging
instead of just a guess the
african-americans they like the blonde
swine why do you guys like the blood I
think it but they are it's longer yeah
yeah oh that's the whole thing with you
guys I got it you like the love you know
it makes summer came over and water is
the best how about there
no how about that ha ha I'm guessing you
guys are some sort of breakdancing crew
is that true alright sorry just Eurasian
there was five of you so I don't know
don't worry about it don't worry about
it bitch alright I assume you work in
construction no okay got it
any cool stories uh getting too hot um
actually when I first started talking to
this chick
how long ago was that man you haven't
looked back since right yeah that's not
a good sign what she just I know
hey thanks for watching and thanks to
everyone else who recommended California
on 4/20 remember guys if you have an
idea for a California on leave it in the
comments below and who knows maybe I'll
pick it and then while you're over here
check out the uncut interviews and the
last ask assam from wednesday and in a
bit of news I have my first piece of
merch for sale for those of you that are
crazy enough to spend money on me links
below for everyone else I can't blame
you alright see you next time not only a
holiday everyday day